Hello, this is Luis.
Welcome to the Topic Modeling section.
While classification is an interesting supervised learning problem
and a lot of tasks fall under that category,
there's a whole world of further unsupervised problems that I find fascinating.
One of these is Topic Modeling.
In this section, we'll study a model,
which given a set of documents,
it classifies them into different topics.
The bag-of-words approach we've learned previously tries to represent
documents in a dataset directly using the words that appear in them.
But often, these words are predicated on
some underlying parameters are very among documents such as a topic being discussed.
In this section, we'll begin with discussing this hidden or latent variables.
Then, we'll look at a specific technique used to
estimate them called Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
Finally, you'll get to apply the knowledge you've learned to
perform topic modeling on a collection of documents.